Darkvision

See out 60 feet in dim lighting.
Dwarf,Elf,Gnome,Half-Elf,Half-Orc,Tiefling

Dwarven Resilience

Advantage on Saving Throws against poison.,Resistance against poison damage.
Dwarf

Dwarven Combat Training

Proficiency with Battleaxe\ Handaxe\ Throwing Hammer\ and Warhammer.
Dwarf

Tool Proficiency

Proficiency with artisan's of your choice: Smith's Tools\ Brewer's Supplies\ or Mason's Tools.
Dwarf

Stonecunning

Double Proficient with history when relating to the origin of stonework.
Dwarf

Languages

You can speak\ read\ and write an extra language.


Dwarven Toughness

Hit point maximum increases by one\ and it increases every time you gain a level.
Hill Dwarf

Dwarven Armor Training

Proficient in Light and Medium Armor
Mountain Dwarf

Keen Senses

Proficiency in Perception
Elf

Fey Ancestry

Advantage on Saving Throws against being charmed. Magic cannot put you to sleep.
Elf,Half-Elf

Trance

4 hours of deep semi-conscious meditation which is equivalent to 8 hours of sleep.
Elf

Elf Weapon Training

Proficient in Longsword\ Shortsword\ Shortbow\ and Longbow.
High Elf

Cantrip

One cantrip from the wizard spell list. Intelligence is your spellcasting ability.
High Elf

Mask of the Wild

Can attempt to hide even when only lightly obscured by foliage\ heavy rain\ falling snow\ mist\ and other natural phenomena.
Wood Elf

Superior Darvision

Darkvision but with an extra 60 feet.
Dark Elf (Drow)

Sunlight Sensitivity

Disavantage on attack rolls and on Perception checks when in direct sunlight.
Dark Elf (Drow)

Drow Magic

You know Dancing Lights cantrip., You can cast Faerie Fire at Level 3., You can cast Darkness at Level 5., Charisma is you spellcasting ability.
Dark Elf (Drow)

Drow Weapon Training

Proficient in Rapiers, Shortswords, and Hand Crossbows
Dark Elf (Drow)
 
Lucky

Roll on 1 on attack roll\ ability checks\ or saving throws you can reroll the die and must use the new roll.
Halfling

Brave

You have advantage on saving throws against being frightened.
Halfling

Halfling Nimbleness

You can move through the space of any creature that is of a size larger than yours.
Halfling

Naturally Stealthy

You can attempt to hide even when you are obscured only by a creature that is at least one size larger than you.
Lightfoot

Stout Resilience

You have advantage on saving throws against poison.,You have resistance against poison damage.
Stout

Draconic Ancestry

Choose One::,Black Acid 5 by 30 ft. line (Dex. save),Blue Lightning 5 by 30 ft. line (Dex. save),Brass Fire 5 by 30 ft. line (Dex. save),Bronze Lightning 5 by 30 ft. line (Dex. save),Copper Acid 5 by 30 ft. line (Dex. save),Cold Fire 15 ft. cone (Dex. save),Green Poison 15 ft. cone (Con. save),Red Fire 15 ft. cone (Dex. save),Silver Cold 15 ft. cone (Con. save),White Cold 15 ft. cone (Con. save)
Dragonborn

Breath Weapon

When you use your breath weapon, each creature in the area of the exhalation must make a saving throw, the type of which is determined by your draconic ancestry. The DC for this saving throw equals 8 + your Constitution m odifier + your proficiency bonus. A creature takes 2d6 damage on a failed save, and half as much damage on a successful one. The damage increases to 3d6 at 6th level, 4d6 at 11th level, and 5d6 at 16th level.,After you use your breath weapon, you can’t use it again until you com plete a short or long rest.
Dragonborn

Damage Resistance

Resistance to your Draconic Ancestry
Dragonborn

Gnome Cunning

You have advantage on all Intelligence/ Wisdom/ and Charisma saving throws against magic.
Gnome

Natural Illusionist

You know the Minor Illusion Cantrip, Intelligence is spellcasting ability.
Forest Gnome

Speak with Small Beasts

You can communicate simple ideas with small beasts.
Forest Gnome

Artificer's Lore

Double proficiency in history when looking at magic items\ alchemical objects\ or technological devices.
Rock Gnome

Tinker

You can spend 1 hour and 10 GP to create a tiny clockwork device that functions for 24 hours.,Clockwork Toy,Fire Starter,Music Box
Rock Gnome

Skill Versatility

You gain proficiency in two skills of your choice.
Half-Elf

2 Other Skills

Choose 2 any other Skills to become proficient in.
Half-Elf

Menacing

Proficiency in the Indtimidation Skill.
Half-Orc

Relentless Endurance

When reduced to 0 Hit Points you can drop to 1 Hit Point instead.
Half-Orc

Savage Attacks

When you score a critical hit with a melee weapon\ you can roll one of the weapon's damage dice another time.
Half-Orc

Hellish Resistance

You have resistance against to fire damage.
Tiefling

Infernal Legacy

You know the Thaumaturgy cantrip.,3rd Level -> Hellish Rebuke spell.,5th Level -> Darkness Spell.,Charisma is spellcasting ability.
Tiefling

Rage

If you aren't wearing heavy armor:,-You have advantage on Strength checks and Strength saving throws.,When making melee weapon attacks you gain a bonus to the damage roll indicated by Rage Damage Column of the Barbarian table.,You have resistance to bludgeoning\ piercing\ and slashing damage.,Cannot cast spells., Only lasts for a minute.,Can gain back all Rages after a long rest.
Barbarian

Unarmored Defense

When you don't have armor on\ your Armor Class is 10 + Dexterity Modifier + Constitution Modifier.
Barbarian

Spellcasting(B)

You know two cantrips and 4 1st Level Spells from the Bard spell lists.,Charisma is your spellcasting ability.,You can cast any bard spell you know as a ritual if it has the ritual tag.,You can use a Musical Instrument as a spellcasting focus.
Bard

Bardic Inspiration

Choose one creature 60 Ft. infront of you and they get a 1d6 bardic dice.,This dice allows that creature to roll and add it to an attack roll, ability check, or saving throw.,It needs to be applied before the DM says whether the roll succeds or fails.,Can use the number of times as your Charisma modifier and recharged after a long rest.
Bard

Spellcasting(C)

You know 3 cantrips and (wisdom modifier + cleric level) spells from the cleric spell list.,Wisdom is your spellcasting ability.,You can cast any cleric spell you know as a ritual if it has the ritual tag.,You can use a Holy Symbol as a spellcasting focus.
Cleric

Divine Domain

Choose a domain related to your diety:,Knowledge\ Life\ Light\ Nature\ Tempest\ Trickery\ or War.,This grants you a diety, domain spells, and some other features.
Cleric

Drudic

A secret language of druids.
Druid

Spellcasting(D)

You know two cantrips and (Wisdom + Druid level) spells from the druid spell list.,Wisdom is your spellcasting ability.,You can cast any druid spell you know as a ritual if it has the ritual tag.,You can use a Druidic Focus as a spellcasting focus.
Druid

Fighting Style

Choose a style of fighting:,Archery\ Defense\ Dueling\Great Weapon Fighting\ Protection\ Two-Weapon Fighting.
Fighter

Second Wind

You have a limited well of stamina that you can use to protect yourself of harm.
Fighter

Unarmored Defense

With No Armor nor Shield your Armor Class is 10 + Dexterity Modifier + Wisdom Modifier.
Monk

Martial Arts

You are either unarmed/wielding monk weapons and no armor and no shield. You get:,Can use Dexterity modifier for attack and damage rolls.,Roll a d4 in place of unarmored strike or monk weapons.,When attacking unarmed or with Monk weapons you can make an unarmed strike as a bonus weapon.
Monk

Divine Sense

You can become aware of all celestial\ fiend\ or undead within 60 feet that are not behind cover and a place or object that has been consecreated or desecrated.
Paladin

Lay on Hands

You can heal.,5 x paladin level.
Paladin

Favored Enemy

You are good at studying\ tracking\ hunting\ and even talking to a certain type of enemy.,Chose one:,Abberations\ Beats\ Celestials\ Constructs\ Dragons\ Elementals\ Fey\ Fiends\ Giants\ Monstrosities\ Oozes\ Plants\ Undead\ or Two races of humanoids.,You have wisdom(survival) and intelligence(history) checks about them.,You learn their language.
Ranger

Natural Explorer

Choose a favored terrain:,Artic\ Coast\ Desert\ Forest\ Grassland\ Mountain\ Swamp\ or the Underdark.,Intelligence and Wisdom checks are doubled(if proficient) in your favored terrain.,Can't get lost(unless magical).,Difficult terrain doesn't slow your group down.,You always remain alert to danger.,If traveling alone\ you can move more stealthly at a normal pace.,You can find twice as much food.,You good at tracking other creatures.
Ranger

Expertise

Choose two skills that you are proficient in and double those two proficiency bonuses.
Rogue

Sneak Attack

You can roll an extra 1d6 damage if your target doesn't notice you.
Rogue

Thieves' Cant

A language spoken by rogues that allows them to secretly communicate through normal looking messages.
Rogue

Spellcasting(S)

You know 4 cantrips and 2 1st level spells from the Sorcerer's spells list.,Charisma is your spellcasting ability.,You can use a Arcane Focus as a spellcasting focus.
Sorcerer

Sorcerous Origin

Choose an origin:,Draconic\ Bloodline\ or Wild Magic.
Sorcerer

Otherworldly Patron

Choose an otherworldly being:.The Archfey\ The Fiend\ or the Great Old One.,It grants you certain abilities.
Warlock

Pact Magic

You know two cantrips and two 1st level spells from the Warlock's spell list.,Charisma is your spellcasting ability.,You can use a Arcane Focus as a spellcasting focus.
Warlock

Spellcasting(W)

You know 3 cantrips and 6 1st level spells(inside a spellbook) from the Wizard's spell list.,Intelligence is you spellcasting ability.,You can cast any wizard spell you know as a ritual if it has the ritual tag.,You can use a Arcane Focus as a spellcasting focus.
Wizard

Arcane Recovery

You can recover half of your Wizard level(rounded up) of spell slots.
Wizard

Alert




Athlete




Actor




Charger




Crossbow Expert




Defensive Duelist




Dual Wielder




Dungeon Delver




Durable




Elemental Adept




Grappler




Great Weapon Master




Healer




Heavily Armored




Heavy Armor Master




Inspiring Leader




Keen Mind




Lightly Armored




Linguist




Lucky




Mage Slayer




Magic Initiate




Martial Adept




Medium Armor Master




Mobile




Moderately Armored




Mounted Combatant




Observabt




Polearm Master




Resilient




Ritual Caster




Savage Attacker




Sentinel




Sharpshooter




Shield Master




Skilled




Skulker




Spell Sniper




Tavern Brawler




Tough




War Caster




Weapon Master




