Darkvision

See out 60 feet in dim lighting.
Dwarf,Elf,Gnome,Half-Elf,Half-Orc,Tiefling

Dwarven Resilience

Advantage on Saving Throws against poison.,Resistance against poison damage.
Dwarf

Dwarven Combat Training

Proficiency with Battleaxe\ Handaxe\ Throwing Hammer\ and Warhammer.
Dwarf

Tool Proficiency

Proficiency with artisan's of your choice: Smith's Tools\ Brewer's Supplies\ or Mason's Tools.
Dwarf

Stonecunning

Double Proficient with history when relating to the origin of stonework.
Dwarf

Languages

You can speak\ read\ and write an extra language.


Dwarven Toughness

Hit point maximum increases by one\ and it increases every time you gain a level.
Hill Dwarf

Dwarven Armor Training

Proficient in Light and Medium Armor
Mountain Dwarf

Keen Senses

Proficiency in Perception
Elf

Fey Ancestry

Advantage on Saving Throws against being charmed. Magic cannot put you to sleep.
Elf,Half-Elf

Trance

4 hours of deep semi-conscious meditation which is equivalent to 8 hours of sleep.
Elf

Elf Weapon Training

Proficient in Longsword\ Shortsword\ Shortbow\ and Longbow.
High Elf

Cantrip

One cantrip from the wizard spell list. Intelligence is your spellcasting ability.
High Elf

Mask of the Wild

Can attempt to hide even when only lightly obscured by foliage\ heavy rain\ falling snow\ mist\ and other natural phenomena.
Wood Elf

Superior Darvision

Darkvision but with an extra 60 feet.
Dark Elf (Drow)

Sunlight Sensitivity

Disavantage on attack rolls and on Perception checks when in direct sunlight.
Dark Elf (Drow)

Drow Magic

You know Dancing Lights cantrip., You can cast Faerie Fire at Level 3., You can cast Darkness at Level 5., Charisma is you spellcasting ability.
Dark Elf (Drow)

Drow Weapon Training

Proficient in Rapiers, Shortswords, and Hand Crossbows
Dark Elf (Drow)
 
Lucky

Roll on 1 on attack roll\ ability checks\ or saving throws you can reroll the die and must use the new roll.
Halfling

Brave

You have advantage on saving throws against being frightened.
Halfling

Halfling Nimbleness

You can move through the space of any creature that is of a size larger than yours.
Halfling

Naturally Stealthy

You can attempt to hide even when you are obscured only by a creature that is at least one size larger than you.
Lightfoot

Stout Resilience

You have advantage on saving throws against poison.,You have resistance against poison damage.
Stout

Draconic Ancestry

Choose One::,Black Acid 5 by 30 ft. line (Dex. save),Blue Lightning 5 by 30 ft. line (Dex. save),Brass Fire 5 by 30 ft. line (Dex. save),Bronze Lightning 5 by 30 ft. line (Dex. save),Copper Acid 5 by 30 ft. line (Dex. save),Cold Fire 15 ft. cone (Dex. save),Green Poison 15 ft. cone (Con. save),Red Fire 15 ft. cone (Dex. save),Silver Cold 15 ft. cone (Con. save),White Cold 15 ft. cone (Con. save)
Dragonborn

Breath Weapon

When you use your breath weapon, each creature in the area of the exhalation must make a saving throw, the type of which is determined by your draconic ancestry. The DC for this saving throw equals 8 + your Constitution m odifier + your proficiency bonus. A creature takes 2d6 damage on a failed save, and half as much damage on a successful one. The damage increases to 3d6 at 6th level, 4d6 at 11th level, and 5d6 at 16th level.,After you use your breath weapon, you can’t use it again until you com plete a short or long rest.
Dragonborn

Damage Resistance

Resistance to your Draconic Ancestry
Dragonborn

Gnome Cunning

You have advantage on all Intelligence/ Wisdom/ and Charisma saving throws against magic.
Gnome

Natural Illusionist

You know the Minor Illusion Cantrip, Intelligence is spellcasting ability.
Forest Gnome

Speak with Small Beasts

You can communicate simple ideas with small beasts.
Forest Gnome

Artificer's Lore

Double proficiency in history when looking at magic items\ alchemical objects\ or technological devices.
Rock Gnome

Tinker

You can spend 1 hour and 10 GP to create a tiny clockwork device that functions for 24 hours.,Clockwork Toy,Fire Starter,Music Box
Rock Gnome

Skill Versatility

You gain proficiency in two skills of your choice.
Half-Elf

2 Other Skills

Choose 2 any other Skills to become proficient in.
Half-Elf

Menacing

Proficiency in the Indtimidation Skill.
Half-Orc

Relentless Endurance

When reduced to 0 Hit Points you can drop to 1 Hit Point instead.
Half-Orc

Savage Attacks

When you score a critical hit with a melee weapon\ you can roll one of the weapon's damage dice another time.
Half-Orc

Hellish Resistance

You have resistance against to fire damage.
Tiefling

Infernal Legacy

You know the Thaumaturgy cantrip.,3rd Level -> Hellish Rebuke spell.,5th Level -> Darkness Spell.,Charisma is spellcasting ability.
Tiefling

